all right I got the double yellow toys
v6 36 been looking forward checking this
out so let's give it a little maiden
flight on the fly review obviously it
looks a lot like the tracks alias so the
big question is does it perform like
Villa tracks alias so start on 40% rate
see what that looks like
hey let's pull y'all pretty slowly on 40
percent rates let's go ahead and kick it
right up to 100 percent alright so
there's our yawn 100% definitely better
it's still not super fast definitely
doable some good funnel really good
funnel actually I'm holding a nice tight
circle there that's really good wow I'm
impressed Wow
yeah this is really nice this is really
nice this is a lot like the alias
actually LEDs look really good I'm
impressed
and we've got some windows it's like 8
or 10 mile an hour wind right now - and
with no problem lets us check out a flip
holy cow wow that's possibly the fastest
flip I've ever seen oh my gosh
that is ridiculous let's bring that in
close
oh that's funny
holy cow that's a really good incredibly
fast flip that is ridiculous Wow
all right so flips are pretty good this
thing is awesome well I think what is
this sixty dollars or something like
that Wow Oh a little bit louder than
alias but that's pretty minor points
maybe not quite as smooth as they Leah
so it feels a little more twitchy but it
is definitely in the same kind of
category very sport flying quick faster
spawn good stability I like it all right
let's try this headless mode
it does have a cool little rubber
landing fee on it too so it's got a good
landing and you can turn the LEDs on and
off and sort that same button I think if
I press and hold it that's how I turn on
headless mode and I think it just locks
into whatever is in the front that does
not seem to be working that may be
because I'm using the I'm using the V
2:22 transmitter inside the one that
came with it just because I didn't want
to put batteries in the new one but
otherwise are the same so maybe headless
mode only works with that new
transmitter so I have to try that later
but this will work for a on-the-fly
review just to see how it flies and it
flies nice wow I'm impressed ooh there's
a couple flips there
Wow okay so if you just keep holding the
sticks now and it just keeps flipping
and flipping that was pretty cool let's
try that again let's do a little hand
launch no problem so let's get some
height here I think that was like four
or five backflips in a row there all
right that's cool so you just hit the
flip button and then I'll keep holding a
stick in and it just keeps flipping
looks like it was losing some it kind of
got some angle to it there as it was
doing multiple flips I think my battery
popped out I thought I saw something fly
off of it but maybe that was just from
the grass looks like I got all my
landing feet everything's there so I'm
not sure what that was
man those flips are just really
impressing me I can't believe how fast
this thing flips
so try to get some speed gone let's full
speed ahead pretty quick
whoa durability test looks good well I'm
having a lot of fun with this thing I'm
impressed holy huh
and this thing that has accessories too
you can put all the V 222 accessories on
it and there's actually even a 1020 P a
camera or 1080p camera so I may check
that out but you know as you got like a
missile launcher and a hooking basket
like crane system water squirt
so I'll be checking out some of the
accessories for it too so pretty cool
all around
Claude here definitely flies nice Wow
and this is the V 222 protocol so you
can use existing transmitters or maybe
that headless mode off a look into that
looks like I got some LVC warning so
maybe not the longest flight time I
don't think that was that long of a
flight but anyway there it is that's the
on-the-fly review of the wltoys v6 3/6
and I'll have a lot more coming so stay
tuned for that all right well thanks for
watching see you next time
you